add keyboard 3w6 (#13746)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/3w6/rev2/readme.md

# 3W6

![3W6_rev2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weteor/3W6/main/images/3w6_rev2_2s.jpg)
![3W6_rev2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/weteor/3W6/main/images/3w6_rev2_1s.jpg)

The 3w6 is a low profile, split ortholinear keyboard with 36 keys.

* Rev2: 
  - onboard microcontroller (ATMega32U4)
  - USB-C connector Board <-> PC
  - USB-C connectors between both split halfs
  - choc spacing (18x17mm)
  - aggressive pinky stagger
  - support for Choc V1 switches
  - files for midplate (1.6 to 2mm)
  - support for [Pimoroni Trackball](https://shop.pimoroni.com/products/trackball-breakout) instead of outer thumb switch on right half, needs midplate
  - mounting holes for [Tenting Puck](https://splitkb.com/collections/keyboard-parts/products/tenting-puck), only usable without mid or switchplate

---

* Keyboard Maintainer: [weteor](https://github.com/weteor)
* Hardware Supported: 
    * 3w6 rev2 (with Pimoroni support)
* Hardware Availability: 
    * make one yourself: [Design and Productionfiles](https://github.com/weteor/3w6)
    * maintainer is selling kits when available

---
To reach the bootloader, connect the board to the PC and push the reset button on left half.

> Make examples for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
>            
>     make 3w6/rev2:default
>     
>     with pimoroni: 
>     make 3w6/rev2:def_pimoroni

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make 3w6/rev2:default
    make 3w6/rev2:default_pimoroni
```
